QashMoney - Budget Software for the Sharp Zaurus

README

This file lists all the important files in the qashmoney CVS directory and how
to make the IPK file that goes on the Zaurus.  When you checkout the
qashmoney-source module from CVS, it will create a directory on your hard drive called
qashmoney-source.  These instructions assume you are in this directory.

The first thing you need to do is have all the necessary cross-compile software
and Qtopia installed on your system.  I assume you have already done this since
you are downloading CVS, but if not, go to:

http://docs.zaurus.com

and download the RPMS that you need for development.

You also must have sqlite installed on your system to successfully compile
QashMoney.  Go to:

http://www.sqlite.org

to download this progam.

After that, set the correct environment variables for the package you
are developing. Two scripts in the qashmoney-source directory are used for that purpose: x86.sh
and arm.sh.  If you are building for x86 type:

source x86.sh

and press enter.  To make binaries that run on the Zaurus, type:

source arm.sh

Next, construct the makefile by typing:

tmake -o Makefile qashmoney.pro

tmake is Trolltech's program for constructing a typical GNU Makefile from the
project file (qashmoney.pro for this application).  If you get an "error:  tmake
command not found", you either don't have all the correct RPMS installed or your
environment variables are not correctly set.  If all is well type:

make

and the program should be constructed and you will be left with a qashmoney
binary in this directory.  If you compiled for x86, you can see the application
by using the Qt Virtual Frame Buffer which emulates the Qtopia environment on
your computer.  First, copy all the files from the databasefiles directory within the
qashmoney directory.  Otherwise, the program will not function.

To run QashMoney in the Qtopia Virtual Frame Buffer, type:

qvfb &
./qashmoney -qws

and QashMoney should appear in the frambuffer.  You can use and test qashmoney
here as you would on the Zaurus.

If you want to compile the app and make the IPK file, check out the qashmoney-build module and see the README file in that module.

I hope the program can be useful.  If you have any questions or comments, please
contact me at qashmoneyman@attbi.com

Thanks!

Allen

Disclaimer:  Altough I've tried to make this application tight and well
functioning, it comes with absolutely no warranty and I will not be liable for
any damage it may cause.
