
-[ Design of wellenreiter ]-

written by: Martin J. Muench <mjm@codito.de>

-[ Introduction

This is just a short overview of the new design of wellenreiter.
There will for sure be some changes and most parts will be specified
in more detail. 


-[ Program

wellenreiter 1.7
(will be named 2.0 after all the functions are implemented and the code
is cleaned up and audited)


-[ Short description

Wellenreiter is a wireless sniffing tool like netstumbler, kismet et al.
It discovers Access Points and Ad-Hoc networks and displays all available
information about them so that you can simply join unencrypted network 
(without access restrictions) with the given informations.
For the latest version of wellenreiter look at:
http://wellenreiter.sourceforge.net.


-[ Overview

The software is divided into 2 sections, the daemon and the GUI.
The daemon does the active sniffing, analying stuff etc.pp. and
sends the informations to the GUI which displays the results.


-[ Configuration

The configuration is done by both, the GUI and the daemon so that the
GUI only provides the graphical interface to the configuration library
of the daemon. That means that the daemon loads the config file on 
startup and sends the informations to the GUI. The GUI contains an option
"configure" where the settings can be changed. They will be sent to the
daemon which actually changes the configuration file.
The configuration file is placed in /usr/local/etc/wellenreiter.conf.
The whole content of this file cannot be specified yet.


-[ Interaction GUI<->daemon

The GUI and the daemon will talk actively with eachother, meaning that 
everyside who has informations for the other part will send it and not
wait for the other part to poll.
For example the sniffing function of the daemon is startet when a 
"start_sniff" from the GUI arrived. And when the daemon found a network
it will be directly send to the GUI to be able to sniff in realtime.


-[ Communication GUI<->daemon

Not yet specified.


-[ Setting card modes

One of the most interesting parts is the switching of the wirelesscards to
different channels, to monitor mode and so on. In the older versions this
actions were done by the calling of external programs, that is now obsolete.
We will use the API of the wireless drivers to set it up. 


-[ Sniffing

The sniffing will be done by capturing and analyzing all packets using the
pcap library. The sniffer itself will be a function of the daemon which will
probably be threaded so that this function is non-blocking.
If a packet is found the sniffer sends it to an analyzer function which
analyzes the packets, strips the results and sends it to the GUI.


-[ Logging

The GUI should not need to log that much so it logs to STDERR. The daemon
will be able to run in foreground and log to STDERR and syslog but normally
it will only log to syslog (INFO/ERR).
Logging of found networks, packets and so on will also be done by the daemon
but set up by the GUI.


-[ GPS

The gps daemon software will be used, hopefully by their API if they provide
that. If not, we have to use system() calls, hope we do not.


-[ Security

The programm and the daemon will have to run with SUID privileges for being
able to change card modes etc. so the code has to be audited several times.
Setuid 0 will only be called when really needing the privileges and dropped
directly after every single systemcall.
The daemon will implement an access control list where it specifies which
IPs or network interfaces will have access to it. 
The configuration file will be chmod'ed 0400, for writing the configuration
library will change the mode. Of course the file will be locked during
writing so no race conditions can occur.


-[ Documentation

Wellenreiter will have it's own wellenreiter(8) manpage with most parts of 
the README file in there.
Also we will provide general documentation about wireless scanning, security
risks with wireless devices and so on.
Most documentation will be intern like this one. The GUI and the daemon
should have a non-technical documentation and a developers version so we
can easily develope with other peoples code without having to read it
completely.

